bug/#274 improve doc on job cancellation (#189)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

>    - The data node of a scenario or a pipeline can now be accessed at the scenario or pipeline level.

Reviewer: "scenario or pipeline level" -> "scenario or pipeline levels"

   - When submitting a scenario, a pipeline or a task, a list of jobs or a Job will be returned.

>    - A submitted job can be cancelled. When cancelling the job, its subsequent jobs will be abandoned. When the cancel method is called on a running job, it cannot be cancelled, but its subsequent jobs will be abandoned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - A submitted job can be canceled. When canceling the job, its subsequent jobs will be abandoned. When the cancel method is called on a running job, it cannot be canceled, but its subsequent jobs will be abandoned.
```
